Hi, I'm Jamie Waldron.
I'm a butcher and I've been a butcher
for about 20 years now.
I've worked in almost every facet
of the industry from on small farms
with hundreds of lambs
to larger farms with thousands of pigs.
I've worked in small and medium sized
abattoirs where we were processing about
50 lambs once a week to pig operations,
where we were butchering
and processing about 200 hogs a day.
I've worked in restaurants
doing prep work.
I've worked with restaurants,
developing menus.
I've worked in wholesale
operations, retail operations.
I feel like it pretty much runs the gamut.
I've pretty much had my hands
in all facets of the business
outside of the business.
I've wrote a book,
so that enables me to speak
with a little bit of authority
or at least guide you through
what's happening today with an educated
mind on it. On Butchery.